Add generation attribute to heroku_space data source (#417)
heroku/terraform-provider-heroku: docs/data-sources/space.md

* `region` - The region in which the Heroku Private Space is deployed.
* `state` - The state of the Heroku Private Space. Either `allocating` or `allocated`.
* `shield` - Whether or not the space has [Shield](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/private-spaces#shield-private-spaces) turned on. One of `on` or `off`.
* `generation` - The generation of the space platform (`cedar` or `fir`).
* `organization` - The Heroku Team that owns this space. The fields for this block are documented below.
* `cidr` - The RFC-1918 CIDR the Private Space will use. It must be a /16 in 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12 or 192.168.0.0/16

> * `data_cidr` - The RFC-1918 CIDR that the Private Space will use for the Heroku-managed peering connection that's automatically created when using Heroku Data add-ons. It must be between a /16 and a /20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data_cidr` - The RFC-1918 CIDR block that the space uses for the Heroku-managed peering connection for Heroku Data add-ons.
```
